Job #
972307
Locations
United States, Redmond (WA)
Job families
Development (engineering)
Teams
Bing

Software Engineer II
Build The Future

We invite those insatiably curious people who are constantly wanting to make the next big breakthrough in computing to finally bring the true power of AI into the hands of everyone and empower the entire planet. The Bing Platform division provides the platform and AI behind Bing, Cortana, Office, Azure, Windows, Xbox, Skype and many other smart experiences across Microsoft. The team is working on next generation platform and machine learning capabilities that will power revolutionary experiences that are smart and personalized to the user and their context. These experiences will allow users to do more and be more in a hyper connected and informed world. In a nutshell, the information platform forms the basis of how we will build intelligent applications and services, leveraging breakthroughs in large scale distributed systems, big data and machine learning.   The team is also the driving force behind the conversation as a platform, the bot platform and many Microsoft bots.

As a software engineer in this team you will build, gain and leverage expertise on real-time big data pipelines, extremely large scale low latency distributed serving systems, machine learned models that accurately reflect the nature of things and visualizations that are responsive, intuitive and seamless with user expectations. We operate in an extremely agile fashion where we expect engineers to experiment and learn from real data.

These are the skills our team is looking for:

-BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
-3+ Years enterprise scale, industry feature design and development experience in C#, Java or C++

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.
