Job #
986301

Locations
United States, Bellevue (WA)

Job families
Development (engineering)

Products and technologies
Bing

Teams
Bing

Applied Scientist II-Bing
What if your job description were simply “Make tomorrow better?”   That’s the essence of roles within our Bing Team. Every day, we bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenging ourselves to reimagine what is and what can be.   We build on what’s come before to create what’s next. We drive machine intelligence.   We help shape the future.   We empower billions of people around the globe. 
Whole Page Relevance team is responsible for understanding bing.com user queries, ranking, and organizing the most relevant results, ranging anywhere from web to answer results. We live and breathe Big Data and Machine Learning. We aim to do this better than anyone. 
The team builds and trains state-of-the-art machine-learned rankers and classifiers every day – day-in, day-out – to improve the search experience for millions of people. With every ranker and classifier we strive to deliver the best possible results for every query and every user in every situation. 
SVMs, decision trees, clustering mechanisms, measurement, random forests, social and web graph analysis, and high performance distributed systems… do any of these make you excited? Want to work with top talent on this?
We seek innovative and highly motivated applied researchers and developers to help us continue on our quest to delight users with the best information seeking experience on the web and beyond. Are you up to the challenge?
Strong practical and theoretical knowledge of machine learning, information retrieval, or data mining techniques will be a big plus. So will a proven track record of innovation and shipping high quality software services at scale.
You will be asked to take on some big challenges.   Specifically, you’ll invest your time in three key areas:
-Carrying out applied research activities to identify new ways to improve user experience when interacting with information search, recommendation and retrieval systems. Such research will include both web search result relevance and user experience. This work requires using clusters and Machine Learning / Data Mining tools and processes.
-Working as part of the team to convert these ideas into detailed analyses, proof of concepts, demos, user-facing experiments, and shipped features to the Bing experience.
-Collaborating within and outside the Ranking & Intent team to enable and facilitate partnerships to advance our users’ experience of information interactions.   
As an Applied Scientist II in Bing, we anticipate you will have active collaboration with researchers in Microsoft Research and other researchers across Microsoft. Opportunities to publish research outcomes in top conferences are actively supported.
Requirements:
•Master's Degree in related field, PhD preferred
•3+ years of experience in information retrieval, machine learning, data mining or a PhD in one of these areas
•3+ years of experience with algorithm optimization and implementation in R, C#, Java, Python or any other programming language 
•Publications in major conferences and/or journals are a plus 

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.
