Software Developer - Personalization & Content Discovery (Recommendation, Search, Content Ingestion)

Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smarts, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play.

SUMMARY
Personalization and Content Discovery team is dedicated to connect Hulu user with our rich high quality content resources at the right time in the right place. No matter user is on PC, Mobile, or any Living room devices we will present the most personalized watching experience also enable user explore our large inventory effortlessly. Are you passionate about working on disruptive ideas? Are you exited to build large-scale service for all popular devices? Are you interested to work with top engineers and researchers? This is a unique opportunity that combines the ability to build new and exciting user experiences for Hulu’s customers, with the opportunity to work with ‘big data’ and advance techniques to grow your career.   

WHAT YOU’LL DO
This role requires outstanding programming skills, a passion for user experience and design, and having demonstrated ability optimizing, developing, launching and maintaining large scale production systems. 
As a key member of the team, you will contribute to all aspects of the software lifecycle: design, experimentation, implementation and testing. 
You should be willing to dive deep, experiment rapidly and get things done. 
You should have an entrepreneurial spirit, love autonomy, know how to deliver, and long for the opportunity to build pioneering solutions to challenging problems. 
Experience building back-end systems utilized by low latency/high volume mobile applications, and having demonstrated ability optimizing systems across a variety of domains/surfaces (Web, Mobile Web, Apps, other devices) are a plus, but not a requirement.
WHAT TO BRING
BS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related field 
2+ years software development experience 
Outstanding programming ability in - Java/Python/Ruby 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Experience with build and deployment tools
NICE-TO-HAVES
Expertise in recommendation systems and/or machine learning 
Experience with Hadoop/Spark 
Experience with Docker/Zookeeper/Kafaka
