Job #
990389
Locations
Germany, Munich
Job families
Development (engineering)
Products and technologies
Bing
Teams
Bing

Applied Scientist - Bing
The Search Technology Center (STC) in Munich is a dynamic and exciting team at Microsoft, currently working in partnership
with Bing and Microsoft Research to deliver innovative internet search products and services to the European and global
markets. As a Data Analyst / Applied Scientist you will be part of a team of search experts working on multiple concurrent
projects focusing on the relevance of search results on Bing and will be responsible for analyzing complex & challenging
problems, developing solutions, and innovating on the next generation of Search.

Our downtown Munich office is currently focused on improving the relevance & ranking of search results. We are making
significant investments in machine learning, data mining, and query & document understanding information retrieval
techniques. We work on distributed systems with tens of thousands of computers to return results from billions of documents, several thousand queries at a time, in a matter of milliseconds. Search on the internet is a large scale distributed problem with exacting needs in speed, accuracy, and comprehensiveness and expanding relevant coverage across markets poses unique challenges seldom found at this scale. Here you will have the opportunity to closely work and collaborate with world-class developers and top-notch researchers from around the globe on exciting, challenging search-related problems.
We are seeking the best and brightest talent to join our relevance team where your creativity, passion, and expertise will
have a huge impact in taking our product to the next level. We believe that many search innovations are within reach and that
there are ample opportunities to win users for Bing and increase our world-wide market share.

Key Accountabilities
We are looking for a passionate, creative, self-starting Data Analyst / Applied Scientist who thrives in a start-up environment
where you will be required to engage in multiple simultaneous projects. As a Data Analyst your responsibilities will range from
evaluating new techniques, to defining metrics to measure their effectiveness, identifying opportunities through data mining, evaluating the results of A/B experiments, and ultimately to contributing to highly scalable and reliable web-enabled services through multiple product cycles while dealing with cross-team dependencies, rapid shipping schedules and potentially ambiguous requirements. The unique environment of Search Relevance includes the need for engineers to perform multiple experiments with an understanding of machine learning algorithms and large-scale data mining. You will be expected to analyze challenging machine learning problems, but also to review and develop code using C++ or C#.

Essential Experience:
• Knowledge and experience with machine learning and information retrieval technologies
Software design and development experience with C++/C#/Java
• Experience with Hadoop, Dryad, or similar distributed systems
• Experience in an area such as massive database applications, parallel or distributed processing, high performance
computing, large scale data mining, machine learning or natural language processing

Personal Attributes/Interpersonal Skills:
• Ability to work independently and in a team to research innovative solutions to challenging business/technical problems
• Excellent interpersonal oral and written communications skills and the ability to work well in a startup environment
• Demonstrated experience delivering results through collaboration across disciplines, feature teams, and partners

Qualifications:
• At least MSc in computer science but PhD would be preferred
• Minimum 1 year of related work experience
• Strong verbal and communication skills in English are required 

This position is located in Munich, Germany and may require (1-2 times per year)   travel within Europe, India, Asia, and the United States.
This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this
position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may vary based on assignment.

At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and
the lives of our employees. As our workforce evolves to reflect the growing diversity of our communities and the global
marketplace, we continue to expand our efforts to understand, value, and incorporate differences as we help our people and
our customers realize their potential.
