Job #
986207
Locations
United States, Sunnyvale (CA)
Job families
Development (engineering)
Products and technologies
Bing
Teams
Bing

Senior Software Engineer - Cortana Services Platform
What if your job description were simply “Make tomorrow better?”   That’s the essence of roles within our Bing Team. Every day, we bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenging ourselves to reimagine what is and what can be.   We build on what’s come before to create what’s next. We drive machine intelligence.   We help shape the future.   We empower billions of people around the globe. 

Are you looking for a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of the future? Today the convergence of natural user interfaces, the collection & understanding of the world’s knowledge, and the introduction of intelligent services has created a once in a lifetime opportunity to again change the world. Users have come to expect a level of connectedness, personalization, and intelligence that is fundamentally changing the way they think about and interact with technology. 

Delivering these technologies as a comprehensive set of services and experiences is at the heart of the platform underlying Cortana - the Microsoft intelligent digital assistant. We build that platform. If you are the best at what you do, want to work with smart and passionate people, and work on a central strategic initiative for all of Microsoft then this team just might be the place for you.

Our team responsible in creating the core layer platform services and service-driven experiences driving Cortana. We are looking for software engineers to envision, design and build the services, experiences, supporting frameworks and engineering capabilities that define the next generation of innovation. In order to succeed in our organization you will have to love cross group collaboration - we have active partnerships with Windows, Office, Bing, and Windows Phone - be passionate about developers, technology, and creating services/experiences users crave. 
We’re looking for smart, highly motivated and innovative developers who are passionate about users. We are looking for engineers who have:
• Strong coding, debugging, algorithm design and problem solving skills.
• Solid development skills in C# and/or C++ - experience with .NET/XML and Web technologies is plus.
• Skill to collaborate cross-group and work effectively within a team.
• Experience with service-oriented development and operating (DevOps) online services required. 
• Prior experience with distributed computing platforms such as Azure and AWS are certainly a plus, but not required.
• A focus on the necessary requirements to take a service to scale and support millions of users.
• An agile mindset along with a strong "ship it" and "get out there and win" attitude!

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

XBINGERPX

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.
