Job #
997325
Locations
United States, Bellevue (WA)
Job families
Development (engineering)
Teams
Advertising

Software Engineer
Each day we navigate a sea of apps, each with its own unique interface, to help us accomplish simple tasks. But are they making life less complex? What if you can simply pick up your device and start speaking to it? 

With Skype, Cortana and a Microsoft Cloud, we are creating an intelligent canvas that is intuitive, whether you?re tracking the delivery of a package, booking a room at your favorite hotel, scheduling an important customer meeting or even ordering a pizza. From the moment we are born, we engage in conversations. And if humans being are truly hard wired for anything, it is the ability to interact with one another. So, when we think about next Big Thing in computing, we are betting on the very first thing - in being a human. 

The Microsoft Conversation Understanding team, part of the AI & Research Division, is looking for a Software Engineer with strong backgrounds in architectural design and development of services to power language understanding and conversation management software. We are looking for candidates who are passionate about new technology and driven to make a significant impact on Microsoft online services. 

Our mission is to empower users to get relevant information and actions through natural conversation. We work on key systems that are part of Conversation as a Platform (CaaP) vision, including Language Understanding (LU) and dialog management Task Completion Platform (TCP). LU and TCP systems are intelligence layers used by Microsoft Cortana?s personal assistant and are available to enable conversations by any app, agent or bot. As part of the team, you will have an opportunity to affect and revolutionize millions of people?s lives in how they interact with computers and the world around.   

Job Responsibilities:         
•      Architectural design and development of services to power language understanding and conversation management that are high performant, reliable, resilient, low in latency and maintenance cost.           
•      Work closely with science/product management/leadership teams to design and build new features and insightful metrics and make positive end-user impact.         
•      Build tools and drive system improvements to make it easier for other developers to adopt and use our platform.         
•      Provide technical leadership to other team members.         
•      Contribute to hiring process to build a great team   

Qualifications:         
Outstanding analytical and problem solving skills.         
Strong software design and development skills/experience with shipping multiple releases.         
Expert knowledge in .NET, C#, C++, SQL and Map/Reduce         
Extensive knowledge and experience in at least one of the following areas: online applications, natural language processing, dialog systems, machine learning, data mining, data processing (ETL), parallel and distributed computation         
Superior communication skills, both verbal and written         
Master degree in computer science or related areas is required. A PhD is a plus.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.
