https://careers.microsoft.com/jobdetails.aspx?ss=&pg=0&so=&rw=10&jid=226705&jlang=EN&pp=SS

Software Engineer II
What if your job description were simply “Make tomorrow better?”   That’s the essence of roles within our Bing Team. Every day, we bring an insatiable curiosity to the table, challenging ourselves to reimagine what is and what can be.   We build on what’s come before to create what’s next. We drive machine intelligence.   We help shape the future.   We empower billions of people around the globe. 

Are you passionate about working on user-facing features? Have great ideas for improving user experience? Like to prototype your ideas and ship improvements at fast pace? Then this position might be a great match for you and we'd love to have you with us!

Decision trees, clustering mechanisms, A/B online measurement, feature engineering, linear models,… do any of these technologies excite you ? Want to work with top talent on this? Whole Page Relevance team is responsible for understanding bing.com user queries, ranking, and organizing the most relevant results, ranging anywhere from web to answer results. We live and breathe Big Data and Machine Learning. We aim to do this better than anyone. The Cerebro team builds and trains state-of-the-art machine-learned rankers and classifiers every day - day-in, day-out - to improve the search experience for millions of people. With every ranker and classifier we strive to deliver the best possible results for every query and every user in every situation. 

We seek innovative and highly motivated applied researchers and developers to help us continue on our quest to delight users with the best information seeking experience on the web and beyond. Are you up to the challenge?
Strong practical and theoretical knowledge of machine learning, information retrieval, or data mining techniques will be a big plus. So will a proven track record of innovation and shipping high quality software services at scale.
You will be asked to take on some big challenges.   Specifically, you’ll invest your time in three key areas:
-Technical Leadership, research, design and execution of experimentation activities to identify new ways to improve user experience when interacting with information search, recommendation and retrieval systems. Such research will include both web search result relevance and user experience. This work requires the use of clusters and Machine Learning / Data Mining tools and processes.
-Working as part of the team to convert these ideas into detailed analyses, proof of concepts, demos, user-facing experiments, and shipped features to the Bing experience.
-Develop high-quality and high-performance backend services following strict latency and capacity constraints. The responsibilities also include the development of tests, monitoring, and debugging systems to allow scalable and low cost maintenance of those services. 

The position is in SAGE project which is responsible for post-web & pre-web triggering of answers in US and International markets that support Bing and Cortana.

We expect candidates to have a range of skills, typically including:
• Strong algorithmic problem solving and design skills
• 4+ years of designing, developing, and shipping high performance services 
• BS degree in CS or related engineering field. Masters or PhD in Machine Learning/Data Mining is a plus; 
• Ability to communicate technical concepts effectively through design documents and presentations
• Experience in information retrieval, machine leaning or data mining a plus

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.

Job # 973455
Locations
United States, Bellevue (WA)
Job families
Development (engineering)
Products and technologies
Bing
Teams
Bing
Apply nowAdd to job watch list
Bing. Join the team that brings less searching and more doing.

