SR. SYSTEMS ARCHITECT
Consulting | Beijing, China Melbourne, Australia Sydney, Australia
Systems Architect – Professional Services – APAC 

Responsibilities:

Work directly with customers’ technical resources to devise and recommend solutions based on the understood requirements 
Analyze complex distributed production deployments, and make recommendations to optimize performance 
Able to document and present complex architectures for the customers technical teams
Work closely with Hortonworks’ teams at all levels to help ensure the success of project consulting engagements with customer
Help design and implement Hadoop architectures and configurations for customer
Drive projects with customers to successful completion 
Write and produce technical documentation, knowledgebase articles 
Participate in the pre-and post- sales process, helping both the sales and product teams to interpret customers’ requirements 
Keep current with the Hadoop Big Data ecosystem technologies
Attend speaking engagements when needed 
Travel up to 75% 
 Qualifications:

More than five years of Professional Services (customer facing) experience architecting large scale storage, data center and /or globally distributed solutions
3+ years designing and deploying 3 tier architectures or large-scale Hadoop solutions 
Ability to understand and translate customer requirements into technical requirements 
Experience implementing data transformation and processing solutions using Apache PIG
Experience designing data queries against data in the HDFS environment using tools such as Apache Hive
Experience setting up multi-node Hadoop clusters
Strong experience implementing software and/or solutions in the enterprise Linux or Unix environment 
Strong understanding with various enterprise security solutions such as LDAP and/or Kerberos
Strong understanding of network configuration, devices, protocols, speeds and optimizations 
Familiarity with scripting tools such as bash shell scripts, Python and/or Perl
Strong understanding of the Java ecosystem and enterprise offerings, including debugging and profiling tools (jconsole), logging and monitoring tools (log4j, JMX), and security offerings (Kerberos/SPNEGO). 
Significant previous work writing to network-based APIs, preferably REST/JSON or XML/SOAP 
Solid background in Database administration or design – Oracle RAC a plus Excellent verbal and written communications Experience in architecting data center solutions – properly selecting server and storage hardware based on performance, availability and ROI requirements 
Demonstrable experience using R and the algorithms provided by Mahout 
Nice, but not required experience:

Ability to understand big data use-cases, and recommend standard design patterns commonly used in Hadoop-based deployments. 
Knowledge of the data management eco-system including: Concepts of data warehousing, ETL, data integration, etc.
Security roles and responsibilities shall include the following requirements: 

i. implement and act in accordance with the organization's information security policies; 
ii. protect assets from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, destruction or interference; 
iii. execute particular security processes or activities; 
iv. ensure responsibility is assigned to the individual for actions taken; and 
v. report security events or potential events or other security risks to the organization. 

 About Hortonworks, Inc.

 Apache Hadoop™ is the principal open source Cloud Computing platform for storing, managing, processing and analyzing “Big Data”. Most leading Internet and Social Networking businesses use it, along with other companies around the globe.  We believe that more than half of the world’s data will be stored in Hadoop environments within five years.

 Hortonworks, Inc. is a dynamic startup, created to accelerate the development and adoption of Apache Hadoop. Together with the Apache open-source community, we are making Hadoop more powerful, more robust, and easier to install, manage and use. We also provide support and training for Apache Hadoop.
