Job #
983279
Locations
United States, Mountain View (CA)
Job families
Development (engineering)
Teams
Applications and services


Software Engineer
Design and build an exabyte-scale platform service in Office 365 - one of the biggest enterprise and consumer online services in the world.   The specific group comprises of products like Outlook Services, Exchange, Outlook.com, Hotmail, Calendar, People, Groups, Mobile Apps, just to name a few).   This isn’t just some large web service; the implementation ranks among the world’s largest and most cutting edge distributed systems, spanning across data centers around the world.   The products are used by majority of the Fortune 500 organizations, key government organizations and non-profits across the world.   
In a brand new project, being started from scratch, we are building a massive platform to help analyze and form inferences on business and consumer Office 365 data for a billion users.   Join us and be part of building one of the largest Hadoop deployments.   Using YARN, Map/Reduce, Hive, Pig, Java, HDInsight and power of Azure, we are building a platform and framework that will enable endless scenarios for our customers to get delightful and insightful information about their data in addition to help us make better features.   
Being a new team and project, we have positions at all levels of experience.   This position requires a deep interest in software engineering and strong knowledge of computing concepts such as fault tolerance, self-healing, network protocols, network programming, multi-threaded programming, performance, reliability, scalability, and security.   
Candidates must have a thorough knowledge of a modern garbage collected language such as Java or C# in addition to strong writing and communication skills.   Familiarity with machine learning and expertise in Hadoop or other map-reduce technologies will give advantage to your candidacy but is not required.
You will closely collaborate with partner teams to ensure coverage of key scenarios and make certain that common methodologies and metrics are used across the board. Your ability to effectively collaborate and develop strong relationships will be a critical part of the team’s success.
Do you want to impact a billion people overnight and multiple times per year?   Do you want unrivalled experience working with one of the largest and most popular distributed systems in the world?   Come join us!
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer.   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.
