Job #
992202
Locations
United States, Bellevue (WA)
Job families
Development (engineering)
Teams
Bing

SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER
The Bing UX Platform team has been obsessed with developer and feature agility for 5+ years.   We set the bar high initially by producing a high-volume, low latency MVC-architecture web application server using the best technologies available. Our platform now supports over 600 engineers’ features and performs validated deployments to multiple data centers around the world, multiple times per day!   
We are now looking at microservices to turn the crank again on agility again!   We’re building a next-generation, fully integrated, one-click-onboarding microservice platform to run Bing’s most important and performance critical workloads at scale.   We are marrying the best Microsoft has to offer (Service Fabric, Visual Studio, Azure Container Service) with the best from open-source (Docker, Mesos/DCOS) to provide a platform that will handle all of the heavy lifting associated with operationalization of services – build, validation, deployment, capacity, monitoring and logging, and instrumentation. If you want to experience fulfilling challenges with start-up urgency at Microsoft, this is the team for you. Bleeding edge technologies, deep technical problems and a fast-paced, agility-focused working environment.   No bureaucracy; only code and data-based decision making.

The right candidates must thrive in an agile environment where check-ins reach customers in a matter of hours and all failures are investigated as live site issues.   
We’re looking for senior-level engineers with expertise in multiple aspects of computer science and engineering, from high-reliability platform development and architecture, containerization and process isolation, and highly agile development and deployment processes, with a plus of having knowledge on open-source tools, such as Docker, Mesos, and Kubernetes. If you’re serious about working across teams to not just use the latest technologies but help define them, delighting developers through unlocking the full potential of agile (development, validation, deployment, and monitoring), and pleasing millions of customers this is the most exciting place you can be right now.

Qualifications for this position include:
Minimum of 5+ years of relevant platform/framework design, testing, development, service shipping, and maintenance experience is required 
Minimum of 5+ years of solid development experience in an OOP language (C/C++/C#/Java) is required.
Minimum BS in CS or equivalent is required.
Development experience using web client technologies (javascript/TypeScript, CSS, HTML) on large-scale applications is preferred. 
Experience with data analysis and log-based debugging is preferred.
Experience with open-source tooling is a plus.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer.   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status.
